hi I'm Gabriel Williams
I'm a certified firefighter in the state
of Illinois today we're going to talk
about how to change your batteries in a
hardwired smoke alarm if the smoke
detector or smoke alarm in your house is
hardwired into the house then while it's
mounted when you take it off it's going
to have wires that are going up and
attached and into the entire system of
smoke alarms in your house there should
be enough wire for you to pull it down a
little bit to get to the battery whether
the battery is in back or in a
compartment on the side like this one
here all hardwired smoke alarms are
going to have a battery backup because
if your power goes out you need another
system to power the smoke alarm so when
the power goes out you're going to just
detach this from the ceiling open the
storage carriage where the battery is
get a new battery in your places you
should do this twice a year don't just
wait for for the power to go out and to
find out that it's not working change
the battery regularly even though your
smoke alarm is hardwired and running off
the electricity of your house remember
early detection is one of the best ways
to survive a fire remember you want to
check and change the batteries in your
smoke alarm twice a year when you change
your clocks change your battery just
because it's hardwired into your house
doesn't mean that you can neglect this
you still need to put new batteries in
there twice a year if the smoke alarm is
chirping it's time to change the battery
sometimes it may not do that because
it's hardwired but it should have some
type of indicator to let you know you
have a low battery make sure that you
check the owner's manual to your
specific smoke alarm each one is
different
read the manual make sure you know how
to properly operate and change the
batteries on your alarm I know this
seems like common sense but it's only
common sense if it's common to you and
now it is my name is Gabriel Williams
and we've been talking about how to
change the batteries in your hardwired
smoke